 About about Information about College kpr KPRIET kpriet Kpriet  college college
KPR Institute of Engineering and Technology (KPRIET), is a new generation engineering college established in the year 2009 by KPR Charities,To know more please visit https://www.kpriet.ac.in/. 

Location
The Insitute is located at Arasur, about 12 kilometers from Coimbatore International Airport,Avinashi. 

History
KPR Institute of Engineering and Technology (KPRIET) was founded in 2009, affiliated to Anna University, Chennai and approved by AICTE, New Delhi,KPR Institute of Engineering and Technology (KPRIET) is approved by the AICTE, Government of India, New Delhi and Government of Tamil Nadu and The College has been certified as an ISO 9001:2000 Institution,To know more please visit https://www.kpriet.ac.in/about-us/.

Chairman chairman

Dr.K.P.Ramasamy is an enterprising entrepreneur and a visionary who believes that hard work, intellect and unrelenting determination are essential ingredients for achieving success besides possessing the willingness and the ability to successfully empower others within the organization.

UG Courses(Under Graduate):
1) Biomedical Engineering

2) Civil Engineering

3) Computer Science and Engineering

4) Electronics and Communication Engineering

5) Electrical and Electronics Engineering

6) Mechanical Engineering

7) Chemical Engineering. 

PG Courses(Post Graduate):
1) CAD CAM
2) VLSI Design
3) Structural Design
4) Computer Science Engineering.

INTERNAL QUALITY ASSURANCE CELL (IQAC)
In pursuance of the National Action Plan of the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC), Bangalore, for performance evaluation, assessment and accreditation and quality up-gradation of institutions of higher education and as a post-accreditation quality sustenance measure as prescribed by the NAAC, KPR Institute of Engineering and Technology has established the Internal Quality Assurance Cell (IQAC) under the during 2015,To know more please visit https://www.kpriet.ac.in/iqac/.

Office of International Relations
Office of International Relations (OIR) works to promote the exchange of student’s, faculty and ideas between KPR Institute and international partners, The Office has a dedicated team of Executives working on all aspects of international engagement and is jointly headed by the Principal,To know more please visit https://www.kpriet.ac.in/office-of-international-relations/.

placement 
KPRIET as an average record of 85 % of placement in past years,To know more please visit https://www.kpriet.ac.in/placement-record/.

CAMPUS Facilities
1) Indoor sports complex
2) Outdoor stadium
3) Students convention centre
4) SCanteen
5) Various play fields / flood lit grounds
6) Yoga/meditation halls
7) Reading room
8) Cooperative stores.

Sports
The Institution has excellent playgrounds and needs for Basketball, Football, Handball, Volleyball, Cricket and Badminton. 

Hostel accommodation
The College has full-fledged accommodation and boarding facilities for boys and girls, A dedicated canteen will offer a nutritionally balanced diet for the students and all activities will be overseen by qualified wardens,To know more please visit https://www.kpriet.ac.in/facilities/.

Objectives of the Institution
The main objective of the college is to assist the students in bringing out the best of their abilities and to train them to become successful professionals.  To achieve this, the college endeavors to provide them with these facilities.

VISION of college
To become a premier insititute of academic excellence by imparting technical,intellectual and professional skills to students for meeting the diverse needs of industry,society ,the nation and the world at large.

MISSION of college college
1) Commitment to offer value based education and enhancement of practical skills,
2) Continuous assessment of teaching and learning process through scholarly activites,
3) Enriching research and innovative activities in collabration with industry and insitute of repute,
4) Ensuring the academic process to uphold culture,ethics and social responsibility.
